README.md, before:

# phpBB 3.1 Extension - Enforce guest Username
This extension enforces that guests enter a username, whenever they create a new topic or reply.

Planned features:
 * None

## Installation

Clone into ext/gn36/forceguestusername:

    git clone https://github.com/gn36/phpbb-ext-forceguestusername ext/gn36/forceguestusername

Go to "ACP" > "Customise" > "Extensions" and enable the "gn36 - Enforce guest usernames" extension.

## Development

If you find a bug, please report it on https://github.com/gn36/phpbb-ext-forceguestusername

You can also suggest new features by filing an issue. Feel free to send a pull request for any existing feature request, but please add a note to the issue that you are doing so. If possible, please also add corresponding unit tests to your PR.

If you wish to contribute a translation, feel free to send a pull request. Your translation will be automatically checked using a translation validator.

## Automated Testing

We use automated unit tests including functional tests to prevent regressions. Check out our travis build below:

master: [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/gn36/phpbb-ext-forceguestusername.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/gn36/phpbb-ext-forceguestusername)

## License

[GPLv2](license.txt)

Commit message:

Clarify readme that this ext is feature complete

README.md, after:

# phpBB 3.1 Extension - Enforce guest Username
This extension enforces that guests enter a username, whenever they create a new topic or reply.

Planned features:
 * None

## Installation

Clone into ext/gn36/forceguestusername:

    git clone https://github.com/gn36/phpbb-ext-forceguestusername ext/gn36/forceguestusername

Go to "ACP" > "Customise" > "Extensions" and enable the "gn36 - Enforce guest usernames" extension.

## Development

If you find a bug, please report it on https://github.com/gn36/phpbb-ext-forceguestusername

You can also suggest new features by filing an issue. However, I consider this extension to be "feature complete" and will only expand its scope if there is a very good reason to do so. For example, storing the guests last used username is outside the scope of this extension. Instead, this should be realized in an independent extension.

Feel free to send a pull request for any existing feature request or bug report, but please add a note to the issue that you are doing so. If possible, please also add corresponding unit tests to your PR.

If you wish to contribute a translation, feel free to send a pull request. Your translation will be automatically checked using a translation validator.

## Automated Testing

We use automated unit tests including functional tests to prevent regressions. Check out our travis build below:

master: [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/gn36/phpbb-ext-forceguestusername.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/gn36/phpbb-ext-forceguestusername)

## License

[GPLv2](license.txt)
